// Object and Class 
/*
4.1. Class :- class specifies how object are made.
The standard Java library supplies several thousand classes for such diverse purposes as user interface design, dates and calendars, and network programming. Nonetheless, in Java you still have to create your own classes to describe the objects of your application’s problem domain.

1.2 Objects :- To work with OOP, you should be able to identify three key characteristics of objects:
1.2.1 : Object's behaviour - what can you do with this object, or what methods can you apply to it?
1.2.2 : object's state : how does the object react when you invoke those methods?
1.2.3 : object's identity - how is the object distinguished from others that may have the same behaviour and state.

All objects that are instance of the same class share a family resemblance by supporting the same behaviour. The behavior of an object is defined by the methods that you can call.
each object stores information about what it currently looks like. this is object state. An object's state may change over time, but not spontaneously. A change in the state of an object must be a consequence of method calls.

1.3 : Identifying Classes : - In a traditional procedural program you start the process at top with the main function. When designing an object-oriented system, ther is no "top", and newcomers to OOP often wonder where to begin. the answer is : Identify your classes and then add methods to each class.

For example, in an order-processing system, some of the nouns are 
--> Item
--> Order
--> Shipping address
--> Payment
--> Account

These nouns may lead to the classes Item , Order and so on.
Next, look for verbs. Items are added to orders. Orders are shipped or canceled. Payments are applied to orders. With each verb, such as “add,” “ship,” “cancel,” or “apply,” you identify the object that has the major responsibility for carrying it out. For example, when a new item is added to an order, the order object should be the one in charge because it knows how it stores and sorts items. That is, add should be a method of the Order class that takes an Item object as
a parameter.

1.4 : Relationships Between Classes
 the most common reletionships between classes are
 --> Dependence ("uses-a")
 --> Aggregation("has-a")
 --> Inheritance("is-a")

The dependence, or “uses–a” relationship, is the most obvious and also the most general.

The aggregation, or “has–a” relationship, is easy to understand because it is concrete; for example, an Order object contains Item objects. Containment means that objects of class A contain objects of class B.

The inheritance, or “is–a” relationship, expresses a relationship between a more special and a more general class. For example, a RushOrder class inherits from an Order class.

Many programmers use the UML (Unified Modeling Language) notation to draw class diagrams that describe the relationships between classes.
Item ----------->|
RushOrder ---->  Order --------> Account[the account to which the order is charged]


4.2 Using Predefined Classes 
You can not do anything in java without classes and you have already seen serveral classes at work. However not all of these show off the typical feature of object orientation. Take for example the math class. you have seen that you can use methods of the math class such as math.random, without needing to know how they are implemented -- all you need to know is the name and parameter (if any). That's the point of encapsulation, and it will certainly be true of all classes. But the Math class only encapsulation and it will certainly be ture of all classes. but the math class only encapsulation functionally; it neither needs nor hides data. Since there is no data, you do not need to worry about making object and initializing thier instance fields -- there aren't any! 

2.1 Objects and Object Variables
you first construct them and specify their inital state.
Then you apply methods to the objects.
You use constructors to construct new instance. A constructor is a special method whose purpose is to construct and initialize objects. Let us look describe points in time, such as Decemeber 31, 1999, 23:59:59 GMT.
You can pass the object to a method: 

-->  System.out.println(new Data());

Alternatively you can apply a method to the object that you just constructed. One of the methods of the Data class is the toString method. That method yields a string representation of the date. Here is how you would apply the toString method to a newly constructed Date object:

--->  String s = new Date().toString();


consturcted object is used once. Usually you will want to hang on to the objects that you construct so that you can keep sing them. Simply store the object in a variable:

  ----> Date birthday = new Date();


  [Birthday] ------------> [Date]

There is an important difference between objects and object variable. For example the statement
 Date deadline; // Deadline does'not refer to any object

defines an object variable, deadline that can refer to objects of type Date. It is important to realize that the variable deadine is not an object and in fact, does not even refer to an object yet. You can not use any Date methods on this variable at this time. The statement
 s = deadline.toString(); // not yet